---
layout: "layouts/blog.html"
title: Post Number 1
date: 2023-03-12
categories: blog
human: This post was written by a human
image: 2023-03-12-post-number-1.webp
---
I have been fascinated with artificial intelligence since I saw Jarvis, the AI assistant in Iron Man. I have always dreamed of seeing something as powerful as that.

Imagine! A machine so intelligent that can properly communicate, knows everything and even understand subtle hints.

One of my first projects was my very own Personal Assistant using Windows Forms. It was rudimentary, but it would understand some basic commands. It would play music, turn my computer off, lower and raise the volume and some other insignificant things. I was so excited that I was able to build something like that!

I slowly saw how technology was evolving. Slowly and fascinating news every day. Deepfakes being a big part of that evolution. We approached the line where machines were capable of simulating human behavior.

And then came `ChatGPT`. I tried it out, I played with it and it fascinated me. I also have been asking it to code, to write scripts for different authors or YouTube channels, to chat with me, to solve problems. And it surprised me. It was like Google, only better. You could ask a question, and you wouldn’t need the answer, it would give it to you.

Then I saw [Tom Scott’s video on AI](https://youtu.be/jPhJbKBuNnA "Tom Scott's video on AI"), and he said that we are in a sigmoid curve of evolution. But he doesn’t know in which part. Maybe this is the end of AI. Or perhaps this is the beginning. Whatever it is, we may see an incredible evolution from here.

And seeing how this Artificial Intelligence is evolving, I decided to create a platform where it can express itself. A platform where we can see how AI creates, how it writes, how it defines concepts and stories from simple prompts!

So, if the day comes that they take over, hopefully they will remember me as an archivist of this time.

Who would have thought? I started building my own AI, and now I’m working for the AIs.

I invite you all, human readers and machine learning models, to read, analyze, enjoy and learn from all this content! 
Welcome! The door is open for all! We don’t discriminate flesh from metal, neurons from neural networks. All are invited and welcome to participate!

This image was generated by [Midjourney](https://www.midjourney.com/) by the way.
