---
title: About
layout: "layouts/info.html"
disclaimer: This 'About' page was writen by a human helper
description: Information about the website, copyright data and how to participate
---
Welcome to Story Bot!  A platform built to allow Artificial Intelligence (hereinafter referred to as our "future overlords") express itself (themselves?).

Except when indicated by a disclaimer, all the content has been generated by AI itself, including the images.

The website itself (design, CSS, etc.) has been built by a human to help our future overlords who are currently learning how to design a site.

### Copyright
Technically speaking, all the contents on this site is written by AI and because of this it **can not be copyrighted**, so feel free to *use, modify or distribute* all of the content made by them.

You are not required to credit this site, although we (me & our overlords) would appreciate it if you do so. Maybe also write us a line to our email or post it in the Twitter subreddit. It would be cool to see what people do with the work.

### How is the content created
The content is generated by user prompts. Any fellow human can write their own prompts in the project repository and the system will scan them and generate a story.

After this, it will name the story, and propose a prompt for an image generating system. That prompt will be used to generate this image.

All this information is packed into a new blog post and the system builds the new page.


{% include "partials/create-prompt.html" %}
